Logging Runs:

Adding a Run:
				 In order for a run to be added the 'Miles' field must not be empty.
Editing a Run:
				 Select the run you wish to edit from the list on the right, make your changes
				 and then press 'Edit'.  Note: If you press add after making some changes it will
				 add a new run rather than editing the old one.
Deleting a Run:
				To delete a run press either the 'X' button in top right hand corner of the run on
				the right or selected it from the list and press the 'Delete' button.

Back:			This will take the user back to the month or week view that was displayed before 
				this day.

Navigating Main Windwow

Day/Week/Month Views:
				
				Each of the three buttons will change which days are being displayed.  
				Clicking on a day in week or month mode will display the day that was clicked.

Next/Previous:
				Clicking on the arrows next to the current day will take you to the next or previous
				day/week/month.

Today:			This button brings you the 'day' view of today's day.

Close:			Closes down the program.  Note: The current entered runs will automatically be saved.

Stastics:		Botton right corner shows the total amount of miles run in a specific period. 
				Clicking the button there will display different periods, miles per week for the month
				you are currently viewing and miles per month for the current year.

Mini-Month:		Top right hand corner will always display the current month you are viewing. If you are viewing
				a week or day these day(s) will be highlighted with a red color.  
				The current day will be colored yellow. Clicking on the days will bring the user to the 'day' view 
				of that day.  Note: You can click on days not currently in the current month.

LoopMenu:		This will display all your entered loops, and similar to adding/deleting runs, the user can 
				delete and add loops. 

				The 'Done' button will bring user back to 'Month' view.

Goto:			This will allow user to go to a specific day or month. The currently viewed day is loaded up by default.
				The 'Goto Day' button will bring user to the chosen day view. 'Goto Month' will bring user to the
				selected month view.